# apply-photo-mask
A Photoshop script to apply b&amp;w photos as mask to other photos.

Scenario: You have a photo of the product and mask photo but something went wrong and the only way to make it work as intended (merge every single photo pair and export to png) is to do everything manually. Here comes this script! It may not be perfect but it works (in most cases). It was intended to be used on files generated by the Oribitvu machines. 

If you found an error or know a way to make the script better or faster please let me know in the issues tab!

# how to install and use
Download script and action files to your computer.
Install the action and make sure it is working.
To run the script use File>Scripts>Browse... inside Photoshop and find the script.

The script is pretty straightforward and as customizable as I was able to make it.
You can specify:
  Execution folder,
  Mask files suffix,
  Ignored files suffix,
  Main files extension,
  Mask files extension,
  Export folder name.
  
# limitations
The script will be executed on every single file in the folder with specified extension.
Files which names do not end with the specified suffix will throw the script (eg. rotcrop).
`_paint` files will be ignored and not respected when adding a mask file.
The script will be executed on a whole folder without possibility to choose the starting point.
The script will name exported filed numerically, beginning with 0.
While selecting an execution folder there is no way to see the files preview.
The export folder will be always created in the script execution folder.
